Can you hear it?
This voice of mine
Was sucked
Emptily into darkness

If the world
Has meaning to it,
Then these kinds of feelings
Aren't futile

I was crushed by my longing
And had given up
Without even knowing
The color of the endless sky

I began to run, because my feelings, even now,
Are definitely beating against my heart
The me of today will continue towards our destination
We'll amass our own tomorrows

The answer, yes, is always right here

I don't have the time
To lament the seasons that have passed
So that
I won't ever waver again

With countless,
Tiny little
Regrets
Carried in my arms

I've come this far,
Having chased only after your back
It's something only I,
Who sought you, can do

Those words you gave me that day, even now,
Definitely reach my heart
I've realized my reason for having been born
Today more than I did yesterday

The answer, yes, is always right here

It was as if everything was completely natural
Our precious days haven't ended yet, and then, again

I began to run,
Because my feelings, even now,
Are definitely beating against my heart
The me of today will continue towards our destination
We'll amass our own tomorrows

The answer, yes, is always right here

Rainbows after the rain and valiantly blooming flowers spread color about;
I fell in love with you that day, as you gazed up at the crimson sky.

Not even an instantaneous frame,
Of this dramatic film will fade… ’cause I’ll carve it all into my heart.

It was you, it was you! The one who made me realize;
If we can make even the darkness shine, it will become a starry sky.
Stop hiding your sadness behind a smile,
‘Cause every one of these twinkling stars will shine upon you.

The morning light I greeted, having forgotten to even sleep, was stingingly bright,
But even the tenseness carried by my headache subsided when I saw you.

A silent romantic;
Like sugar melting into black tea, as your voice swirls throughout my body.

It was you, it was you! The one who gave me this smile;
If we can make even tears shine, they’ll become shooting stars.
Your hand has been hurt, but don’t ever let go again;
From a sky filled with wishes, tomorrow will soon come.

The light that led me was you, and I was pulled along into a run;
Before I knew it, we were beginning to cross paths: now’s the time! If we can just shine here…

It was you, it was you! The one who made me realize; the darkness will come to an end, so…

It was you, it was you! The one who made me realize;
If we can make even the darkness shine, it will become a starry sky.
Stop hiding your sadness behind a smile,
‘Cause every one of these twinkling stars will shine upon you.

Is the answer always born of coincidence? Necessity? The path we once chose is what will end up as our fate.
The hopes and concerns you clutched so tightly will surely move us forward to become one with the light.

(Futaro-kun, Uesugi
Wake up, Futaro-kun, Uesugi-san
Uesugi-kun, wake up)

Happiness (happiness)
And sadness (and sadness)
Even you
Is in fifths.

First: Fake smiles were looked through
Second: I hate you
Third: Realize how real my feelings for you are
Fourth: And when you realized it
Fifth: Slowly we were able to understand each other
I don't just want to study with you, I want to get to know you more

From hate (from hate)
To love (to love)
I can't keep up with these emotions that changes
Anything (anything)
Even you (even you)
It reaches But I... I love you

My feelings are a bit complex, but
They're changing in my heart
I hope we keep our relationship like this forever
Unforgettable memories
And more stories are on the way,
They all are meaningless if I am not in them

Always right by my side (right by my side)
Tell me (tell me)
My heart is getting louder and I have no control over it
It's fate (It's fate)
I can believe (I can believe )
Do you feel the same?
Sometime, sometime, sometime, sometime, someday,
Will I dream about it again?

My slowly changing feelings
My anxiousness and frustration are going away
I am confident that I believe
The hidden words in your heart
I'll say "Can I be with you even I am too proud sometimes?"
Then I will go with you

Never ever forget this miracle that we met
It's not a coincidence, right?

From hate (from hate)
To love (to love)
I want my changing heart to take me wherever it goes
Anything (anything)
Even you (even you)
Is in fifths
But I, I, I, I will
Always, always, always, always
Devote my love to you

We are the brides!
Please

My Silky Love, all the time for 24 hours
My Silky Love, every time I think of you
My Silky Love, how frustrating this feeling is
My Silky Love, it’s just bursting at the seams

I could bring myself to just say I love you
Whenever you come right in front of me
My personality will stand out and get in my way

I would usually go on boldly
And that was in my nature
No matter how hard I try, I can’t pull down the wall

I want you to realize what’s on my mind
That’s why I always give you a look
Of how much I love you
With my greatest courage

When I met you, I realized my silky heart
Could be this paper-thin
For sure I was clumsy at love
The scars of my love that I have forgotten
Suddenly began to ache with a throb
Someday I’ll have to say it out aloud like myself
Or else I’ll become more fragile than now

If I could say I love you, it’d make me take it easy
Even though I know it full well
It seems like you will be miles away when I make a sound

I wonder what you think about me
Our current distance says
We’re no more than friends, aren’t we?

It might be fine-sounding words
The truth is I don’t want to get hurt anymore
That’s what I’ve told to myself
I'm just running away

There goes my ripped silky heart
If I get hurt once more, I’m sure
That I won't fall in love again
This echoing that rends my heart asunder
Lies at the bottom of my memories, I’m sure
My sewing kit is somewhere to be found
That I forgot putting away back then

All the time for 24 hours
My Silky Love, every time I think of you
My Silky Love, how frustrating this feeling is
My Silky Love, it’s just bursting at the seams
My Silky Love, all the time for 24 hours
My Silky Love, every time I think of you
My Silky Love, how frustrating this feeling is
My Silky Love, it’s just bursting at the seams

When I met you, I realized my silky heart
Could be this paper-thin
For sure I was clumsy at love
Even if I pretended to be tough on purpose
In order to cover up my weaknesses, I'm sure
Someday I’ll say it out aloud like myself
How much I love you once and for all

I won’t hesitate anymore
Look, at the world in which we live in, that spread
right before our eyes

Unable to protect it, the scars just keep increasing
While being hit by the rain that pierces my heart, I took your hand

The thousand tears we held, they gently
shined upon us

The dream we drew together won’t fade
I won’t forget the goodbyes nor the pain
I won’t be afraid anymore
While tripping, I’ll keep walking, for I’ve
found strength

In a lonely town, my sighs only piled up
Before a chilling glare, I smiled at you

These vivid thousands tones will carry our wishes

When the shadows are cast away, light comes to life
Everything is connected to the future
I won’t hesitate anymore
Look, at the world in which we live in, that spread
right before our eyes

At the speed that time passes by, sometimes it seems like we are left behind
The reasons for our tears, our joking faces, let’s embrace it all

The dream we drew together won’t fade
I won’t forget the goodbyes nor the pain
I won’t be afraid anymore
While tripping, I’ll keep walking, for I’ve
found strength

Because you were here, light was born
Don’t worry, we are connected
I won’t hesitate anymore
Look, at the world in which we live in, that spread
right before our eyes

Waited for you
I waited
Uninterrupted tomorrows passed
Paused and looked back
And lamented together over endless todays

Learned my lesson that memories won't last forever
I've been tearing up inside
Crying in the corner of my heart

Wanted to tell you to hold on to
Times spent under the overpass, fleeting days
That I have such regrets—words I couldn't voice that day

There were times when we connected
Brought together emotions that wouldn't untangle
That was my everything
And I lost it all, just now

Learnt my lesson that things change shape with the passing of time
I've been tearing up inside
Bitterly reproaching this suffocating day

Wanted to tell you to hold on to
Times spent under the overpass, passing days
That I have such regrets—words I couldn't voice that day

Waited for you
I waited
Uninterrupted tomorrows elapsed
I spent another day today tearing up inside
Inflicting unforgettable wounds on myself
It has to be you

My cheeks are wet, are wet with my loneliness
But I’ll be quietly filled with signs of dawn
and they invite me to the sky
Hope is waiting beyond here, that’s right— So let’s go

Even while I’m lost, I go on a journey to find you
My hands felt how our senses differ
I’ll catch you and hold you tight
The way our hearts seek one another is the proof of my dream

Every time when we accept each other, I become more attracted to you
I don’t want to have sad days anymore
The act of accepting each other turns into the joy of living
And surely, surely, the two of us will awaken

The newborn love has the tender sound of wings
I don’t want to hurt it, but I can’t leave it be
So catch me again and again
We’re fated to meet, crossing through time in our dreams

Torn apart by pain, my heart calls out for you
I don’t want to have empty days anymore
The joy of living is torn apart by pain
But surely, surely, the two of us will ascertain it

My cheeks are wet, are wet with my loneliness
But I’ll be quietly filled with signs of dawn
and they invite me to the sky
Hope is waiting beyond here, it should be waiting there

Every time when we accept each other, I become more attracted to you
I don’t want to have sad days anymore
Accepting each other, surely, surely
I’ll become passionate about the joy of living
Torn apart by pain, my heart calls out for you
I don’t want to have empty days anymore
The joy of living is torn apart by pain
But surely, surely, I’ll become passionate about it, and surely, surely, the two of us will gain it
My loneliness spills out onto my cheeks

Even while I’m lost, I found you…

KISS KISS FALL IN LOVE
MAYBE YOU'RE MY LOVE

I always noticed that you were by my side, but
Is it hate? Or love? Or some sort of delusion?

If I could see my own feelings clearly now
A lady, a host, neither wouldn't matter to me

Everyone has their own reason for falling in love
It's different for everyone, Maybe you're my love

I want to see that kind you now and give you a cherry blossom kiss; if your heart throbs, its a glorious love
The present is much more important than the future, This lovely spring love is a blooming maiden's beauty!

But then you, whom I don't really know
I want to know more about you, though its scary

In denim, in frills, in casual clothes, in Chinese attire
I'll change every time we meet, so be prepared

Little by little the door to love opens
True love is packed with thrills

On the days we're busy and pass each other a cherry blossom kiss would be painful, its a glorious love
Let's accept each other's weaknesses, the love we have is invincible, we bloom and the two of us are the leading roles

I won't lose to the magnificent sky, let's make memories now

It's true love!

I want to see that kind you now and give you a cherry blossom kiss; if your heart throbs, its a glorious love
The present is much more important than the future, This lovely spring love is a blooming maiden's beauty!
It's a blooming maiden's beauty!

KISS KISS FALL IN LOVE
MAYBE YOU'RE MY LOVE

Smile・Sweet・Sister・Sadistic
Surprise・Service・We are STILE!!

Now open the door, get yourself into an unknown paradise
Let's experience it, come on come YOU
It waits for you, a mysterious oasis
On a rewarding daily basis, it's a very little bit Spice

Spinning, spinning, stirring it around
Rolling, rolling, our prideful flavor
Service service, it's prize time
Hospitality, put it in your heart

Welcome to…
WAI! With us, dazzle yourself in a wonderful daydream
Affection is increasing, kindly patting we'll work with our hearts

YES! I wonder if we can help you with a healthy charge
I feel that these feelings also
Aren't surprisingly bad, right?

Buono Buono I want to blend
To you with Love!Love!Love! Your heart with a Punch!Punch!Punch!
Buono Buono I want to blend
Does it suit your taste? I hope so!♪

Bon Appetit ×3
One thousand customers!

Hey, it's always an unexpected excessive demand
Then, somewhat, the real me
Secret mode operations SWITCH ON

Spinning, spinning, stirring it even more
Rolling, rolling, your set up flavor
Service service, it's a first-rate time
Soothing, the way it should be

Welcome to…
WAI! Welcome again to our shop today
Welcome back, a happy repeat, the clerks welcome all
YES! With a recipe perfect for you
How about a unique? Should I tell you?

Smile・Sweet・Sister・Sadistic
Small・Strange・Serious・Selfish
Secret・Super Girl・We are STILE!!

Now open the door, it's an amusing paradise
Come without fear, come
Yes, every day, as usual, coloring and playfulness
Bon appetite Blend・S

Welcome to…
WAI! With us, dazzle yourself in a wonderful daydream
Affection is increasing, kindly patting we'll work with our hearts
YES! I wonder if we can help you with a healthy charge
I feel that these feelings also
Aren't surprisingly bad, right?

Buono Buono I want to blend
To you with Love!Love!Love! Your heart with a Punch!Punch!Punch!
Buono Buono I want to blend
Does it suit your taste? Let me make a choice for you
I hope so!

After all texts were gone,
I waited for the sequel to them alone.

Everyone knows
The cliché that marks the end of a fairytale.
"Happily ever after" has made everything a happy ending
With only four characters, ME-DE-TA-SHI.

The audience left their seats one after another.
The screen after the end credits.
It won't show me what I hoped for, no matter how long I wait.

If this story is going to end,
I want the ending where it rains rather than snows.
Why? It's because I can keep looking up.
It must be a welcome rain for someone
Though she gets soaking wet.

An ordinary week that is not boring as well as not enlivening.
You are an antihero making it different.
It would be nice if no one found you,
But the situation will be what I never hope.

Why you have order?
Everything must be important,
But you consider the order to leave. Why?

If this story is going to end,
Make the ending in the best way that can be.
Why? I can smile if there is no room.
I want pretend to be tough well at least in the end.
Please.

Actually, I completely know.
I completely know.
(A fairlytale that remains incomplete)
There is no perfect happy endings.
Still, I wanted it.
I was looking for it.

When this story starts,
I want the prologue where azalea-colored flowers bloom.
Why? A flower sprouts up after it rains.
Even if I'm wilted and I'm just a memory,
I won't forget you.

After all texts were gone,
I took the hands by my side.
